BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

we use the env.config.(..) to get the fileds and used it in dealer and player

--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

in dealer :: terminate we made a loop for the back of the players thread array to the beggining. in each iteration we interupted the players thread and waited for them to join.
we tested it by printing after each thread was terminated.
and also when we hit the X buttom the program is closing so we can know that no thread is left behind.

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

we made the AI wait until their is a place in the player's queue. and than notify it when the player pooled from the queue so there is a room for another key press.
also, the player in the beginning of the loop is waiting for the queue not to be empty.
in addition, the AI thread are going to sleep when the dealer : : removeCards and removeAllCards is activated.
and finally, the players are going to sleep from the moment they give the dealer their set, untill the dealer finsh checking it.
we did not created more threads.
we tested the buisy wait- we made the AI threads print lines to the screen while the cards were been replaced and saw that while the action was made, they didnt print anything. 
